Create SECURITY.md (#84)
twisted/incremental: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> twisted/incremental project uses the same security policy as [twisted/twisted](https://github.com/twisted/twisted).
> 
> For more details please check the [Twisted securty process](https://github.com/twisted/twisted?tab=security-ov-file#readme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The twisted/incremental project uses the same security policy as the [twisted/twisted](https://github.com/twisted/twisted) project.

For more details please refer to the [Twisted security process](https://github.com/twisted/twisted?tab=security-ov-file#readme).
```
